hi this has been Patterson with here's
the thing in this video I'm going to
show you how to add a Pinterest pin it
button to Safari on the iPad now if
you're an iCloud user one option is to
go to Safari on your Mac drag the pin it
button from Pinterest calm into the
bookmarks bar and then use iCloud to
sync your desktop bookmarks with Safari
on your iPad but even if you're not
using iCloud you can still get a pin it
button on your iPad it's just that the
process is a bit more involved the first
step is to fire up Safari on your iPad
and then navigate to the Pinterest pin a
tutorial on here's the thing if you're
not there already there's a link to the
article in this video's YouTube
description
next scroll down the page until you find
the long snippet of code tap and hold
the snippet wait for the blue box to
surround the code then tap the copy
button if the code appears to be running
off the page don't worry the text
selector should still be able to do the
trick
now tap the share button just next to
the address bar and tap bookmark when
the add bookmark pop-up appears tap the
little X to create a new title like pin
it you should also take note of where
the bookmark will be saved in this
example I'm putting it in the bookmarks
bar when you're done tap save
next step
the bookmarks button navigate to the
folder where you saved your bookmark tap
the edit button in the top right corner
of the bookmarks pop-up then tap your
pin at bookmark tap the little X near
the web address tap and hold in the
address field and then tap the paste
button now tap the back arrow at the top
of the pop-up then tap the blue done
button okay so let's give it a try I'll
browse over to Amazon here and then I'll
scroll down I'll tap on the new James
Bond movie
then I'll select my pin it button for
the bookmarks bar and there we go we're
pinning remember you can read this
complete tip on the web at here's the
thing blog com
I've been Patterson for years the thing
and thanks for watching